about.md, before:

---
layout: default
title: About & Rules
group: "in_local_navigation"
order: 1
---

<a name="project"></a>

## About

All The Stations is a project for Geoff and Vicki to travel to ALL the national railway stations in Britain in just three months, and to create an online documentary film about the journey.
Geoff is a freelance video editor and transport vlogger, Vicki is a museum education professional. Our transport videos already published online have accumulated over <em>6 million views </em>on YouTube, but in this latest project the aim is to capture the current status of Britain’s railways, and bring them to life as we explore the reality of the places and people we encounter along the way.

Through film and social media we want to share the whole experience with you, and for your thoughts and ideas to contribute to the journey and the stories we tell.

- Each week we’ll post four professionally edited videos that document four separate days of the journey and bring you closer to the experience.
- Every day we’ll be sharing our travels using Twitter, Facebook and Instagram. Live streams, photos and updates will keep you in touch between the videos.
- At the end of the journey we’ll produce a feature length documentary, which will include additional footage and insights into the project.

### Why is this project important?

Within the next decade, changes to the rail network will be more pivotal than ever, and we want to capture this critical moment in Britain's rail history, producing a snapshot of today's railways for posterity.

To ensure the project becomes an asset for the future we have begun conversations with the <a href="http://www.nrm.org.uk/" target="new">National Railway Museum</a> and <a href="http://www.ltmuseum.co.uk/" target="new">London Transport Museum</a> and hope to donate all relevant material to their collections.

<em>We would like to thank the <a href="http://www.raildeliverygroup.com/" target="new">Rail Delivery Group</a> for their endorsement and generous support of the project. The RDG is a body that represents the 23 train operating companies that make up the British railway system.</em>

<a name="rules"></a>

## Project Rules

### What counts as a station?

1. We’re using the most up-to-date list of stations in Great Britain <a href="http://orr.gov.uk/statistics/published-stats/station-usage-estimates" target="new">provided by the Office of Rail and Road</a> (ORR).
    {% assign site_unix_time = site.time | date: '%s' | plus: 0 %}
    {% if site_unix_time < 1495321200 %}
    Their list for 2015-16 contains 2,557 stations, five new stations having opened since and another opening in May 2017, bringing the total to 2,563.
    {% else %}
    Their list for 2015-16 contains 2,557 stations and six new stations have opened since, bringing the total to 2,563.
    {% endif %}
    <a href="/stationlist">The complete station list is available here</a>.
2. The London Underground, Tyne &amp; Wear Metro, Glasgow Subway, heritage railways and stations in Northern Ireland are **not** included, and neither are abandoned stations (e.g. Norton Bridge, Newhaven Marine).

### What counts as having visited each station?

1. We **do** have to arrive or leave on a scheduled train that’s timetabled to stop at each station - fast trains that pass through do not count.
2. We **don’t** have to leave the train at every station, but we will get off at some of the most interesting stations and report back to you.
3. Request stops have a special rule. As long as the train we are on is able to stop, if requested, then we will count it as having been visited, even if no one does actually get on or off.

More of your questions are answered over on the Kickstarter page <a href="https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/562621903/all-the-stations/faqs" target="new">in the FAQ section</a>, have a read!

And finally, it’s not a race to do this in the fastest time possible, it’s a team effort between two people to cover all the stations, with the cameras rolling.

## Crowd Funding

Our journey began in May 2017 and has been made possible through overwhelming public support. We launched <a href="https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/562621903/all-the-stations" target="new">a Kickstarter campaign in February</a> and in just ten days reached our initial target of £28,825. The campaign closed on 27 March having achieved a staggering *£38,654*. Such a generous total allows us to produce more rich and engaging video content for the public.

Commit message:

initial rewrite to make it now Ireland

about.md, after:

---
layout: default
title: About & Rules
group: "in_local_navigation"
order: 1
---

<a name="project"></a>

## About

All The Stations - Irleand, is a project for Geoff and Vicki to travel to ALL the railway stations in Ireland and Northern Ireland in three weeks - there's 198 stations in total - creating Online videos as they go to document the journey.

In the Summer of 2017, the successfully did this with the original 'All The Stations' where they travelled to all 2,563 railways stations in Great Britain [and the 3 new ones since], creating a 59 video series playlist of the journey as well as a feature length documentary upon their return.

This latest project once again aims to capture the current status of railways in Ireland and Northern Ireland, and bring them to life as we explore the reality of the places and people we encounter along the way.

Through film and social media we want to share the whole experience with you, and for your thoughts and ideas to contribute to the journey and the stories we tell.

- Almost everyday we'll post a professionally edited video to Youtube that documents the journey and brings you closer to the experience.
- Every day we’ll be sharing our travels using Twitter, Facebook and Instagram. Live streams, photos and updates will keep you in touch between the videos.

<a name="rules"></a>

## Project Rules

### What counts as a station?

1. We’re using the most up-to-date list of stations in Great Britain <a href="http://orr.gov.uk/statistics/published-stats/station-usage-estimates" target="new">provided by the Office of Rail and Road</a> (ORR).
    {% assign site_unix_time = site.time | date: '%s' | plus: 0 %}
    {% if site_unix_time < 1495321200 %}
    Their list for 2015-16 contains 2,557 stations, five new stations having opened since and another opening in May 2017, bringing the total to 2,563.
    {% else %}
    Their list for 2015-16 contains 2,557 stations and six new stations have opened since, bringing the total to 2,563.
    {% endif %}
    <a href="/stationlist">The complete station list is available here</a>.
2. The London Underground, Tyne &amp; Wear Metro, Glasgow Subway, heritage railways and stations in Northern Ireland are **not** included, and neither are abandoned stations (e.g. Norton Bridge, Newhaven Marine).

### What counts as having visited each station?

1. We **do** have to arrive or leave on a scheduled train that’s timetabled to stop at each station - fast trains that pass through do not count.
2. We **don’t** have to leave the train at every station, but we will get off at some of the most interesting stations and report back to you.
3. Request stops have a special rule. As long as the train we are on is able to stop, if requested, then we will count it as having been visited, even if no one does actually get on or off.

More of your questions are answered over on the Kickstarter page <a href="https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/562621903/all-the-stations/faqs" target="new">in the FAQ section</a>, have a read!

And finally, it’s not a race to do this in the fastest time possible, it’s a team effort between two people to cover all the stations, with the cameras rolling.

## Crowd Funding

Our journey began in May 2017 and has been made possible through overwhelming public support. We launched <a href="https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/562621903/all-the-stations" target="new">a Kickstarter campaign in February</a> and in just ten days reached our initial target of £28,825. The campaign closed on 27 March having achieved a staggering *£38,654*. Such a generous total allows us to produce more rich and engaging video content for the public.
