---
layout: post
title: "Rules"
date: 2017-04-01
group: "on_front_page"
order: 3
---

<a name="rules"></a>
<div class="bgbox secondary">
	<div class="row">
		<div class="columns medium-8 medium-push-2">
			<h2>Project Rules</h2>

			<h3><strong>What counts as a station?</strong></h3>
			<ol>
				<li>We’re using the most up-to-date list of stations in Great Britain<a href="http://orr.gov.uk/statistics/published-stats/station-usage-estimates" target="new"> provided by the Office of Rail and Road</a> (ORR). Their list for 2015-16 contains 2,557 stations, and three new stations have opened since, bringing the total to 2,560. <a href="stationlist.html">The complete list of stations is on this page here</a>.</li>
				<li>Abandoned stations (e.g. Norton Bridge, Newhaven Marine), The London Underground, Tyne &amp; Wear Metro, Glasgow Subway and heritage railways are not included, and neither are stations in Northern Ireland.</li>
			</ol>

			<h3><strong>What counts as having visited each station?</strong></h3>

			<ol>
				<li>We <b>do</b> have to arrive or leave on a scheduled train that’s timetabled to stop at each station - fast trains that pass through do not count.</li>
				<li>We <b>don’t</b> have to leave the train at every station, but we will get off at some of the most interesting stations and report back to you.</li>
				<li>Request stops have a special rule. As long as the train we are on is able to stop, if requested, then we will count it as having been visited, even if no one does actually get on or off.</li>
			</ol>

			<p>More of your questions are answered over on the Kickstarter page <a href="https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/562621903/all-the-stations/faqs" target="new">in the FAQ section</a>, have a read!</p>

			<p>And finally, it’s not a race to do this in the fastest time possible, it’s a team effort between two people to cover all the stations, with the cameras rolling.</p>

		</div>
	</div>
</div>
